


Data Science Capstone reports:

Cover Page:

Executive Summary:
        considered a standalone document
        breifly expain details, no new info.

Table Of Contents:

Introduction:
        Nature of analysis: To analyize SpaceX data for bidding insight
        States the problem: Be able to predict flight outcomes to aid in bidding for contracts
        States questions for analysis: What features affect flight success outcomes? Launch Site, Payload, Landing Site, Contractor

Methodology:
        A) Explains the data sources: 
        B) Outlines the plan for collected data: 
        Data was obtained from SpaceX using their API to retieve the json response.  
        Data was obtained from webscraping Wikepedia data in a HTML response. 
        API data was collected and normalized into a dataframe. Values that were 
        ID numbers were queried for more useful information and stored in csv format.
        Webscraping data was turned into beautiful soup, parsed into a Dataframe and 
        stored as a csv file. Data was filtered based on Falcon 9 rockets, missing 
        data was filled with mean values where appropriate. One hot Encoding was 
        applied to category values like Outcomes, 1 for successful 0 for not.  

Results:
        organized and analyized
        charts and graphs to support results and any extra findindings.

Discussion:
        engage audience to give an explanation for findings

Conclusion:
        Reiterate problems given in the introduction.
        Give an overall summary of the findings
        State outcome of analysis and any future steps.

Appendix:
        Info that didnt fit in the main body fo the report, but deemed important to include
        Can include locations where data was collected, resources, acknowledgements, or refrences.
             
        
Questions to Answer?

    Have you told readers, at the outset, what they might gain by reading your paper?

    Have you made the aim of your work clear?

    Have you explained the significance of your contribution?

    Have you set your work in the appropriate context by giving sufficient background (including a complete set of relevant references) to your work?

    Have you addressed the question of practicality and usefulness?

    Have you identified future developments that might result from your work?

    Have you structured your paper in a clear and logical fashion?




 GITHUB REQUIRED FILES: All Files Complete and Working! 8-15
        1) data_collection SpaceX API calls notebook
        2) data_collection web scrapping notebook
        3) data_collection data wrangling notebook
        4) exploratory_data_analysis EDA with data visualization
        5) " EDA with SQL notebook
        6) Folium map notebook
        7) Plotly Dash Lab notebook
        8) Predictive Analysis lab notebook

 REQUIRED IMAGES:    18-44
       x 1) Flow Chart - Space X API Calls
       x 2) Flow Chart - Space X Web Scraping
       x 3) Flow Chart - Space X Data Wrangling
       x 4) Scatter Plot - Flight Number vs Launch Site
       x 5) Scatter Plot - Payload vs Launch Site
       x 6) Bar Chart - Success Rate vs Orbit Type
       x 7) Scatter Plot - Flight Number vs Orbit Type
       x 8) Scatter Plot - Payload vs Orbit Type
       x 9) Line Chart - Yearly Average Succes Rate
       x 10) Query Result - Find Unique Launch Sites
       x 11) Query Result - Find 5 Records of Launch Sites that begin with `CCA`
       x 12) Query Result - Calculate the total payload carried by boosters, from nasa?
       x 13) Query Result - Calculate average payload mass carried by booster, F9 v1.1
       x 14) Query Result - Find the dates of the first successful ground pad landing.
       x 15) Query Result - List the names of the boosters that have successfully landed on a drone ship with a payload mass between 4000 and 6000
       x 16) Query Result - Calculate the total number of successful and failure missions
       x 17) Query Result - List names of boosters that have carried the maximum payload
       x 18) Query Result - List the failed landing outcomes in drone ship, their booster versions, and launch site names for year 2015
       x 19) Query Result - Rank landing outcomes between 2010-6-4 and 2017-3-20 in descending order
       x 20) Screen Shot - Folium Map: include all launch site location markers on global map.
       x 21) Screen Shot - Folium Map: show color-labeled outcomes on the map
       x 22) Screen Shot - Folium Map: show line and distance markers from launch site to close features
       x 23) Screen Shot - Dash: pie chart of launch success per site
       x 24) Screen Shot - Dash: pie chart of launch site with highest success ratio
       x 25) Screen Shot - Dash: scatter plot for all sites with different payload selected on slider.
       x 26) Bar Chart - Model Accuracy for all classification models
       x 27) Confusion Matrix - explain the best performing model
        
        
        
