In this capstone, you will take the role of a data scientist working for a new 
rocket company. Space Y that would like to compete with SpaceX founded by 
Billionaire industrialist Allon Musk. Your job is to determine the price of 
each launch. You will do this by gathering information about SpaceX and 
creating dashboards for your team. You will also determine if SpaceX will reuse 
the first stage. Instead of using rocket science to determine if the first stage 
will land successfully, you will train a machine learning model and use public 
information to predict if SpaceX will reuse the first stage. 



The final task of this capstone project is to create a presentation based on the 
outcomes of all tasks in previous modules and labs. Your presentation will 
develop into a story of all your data science journey in this project, and it 
should be compelling and easy to understand.

In the next exercise, you can find a provided PowerPoint template to help you 
get started. However, you are free to add additional slides, charts, and tables.

There are a total of 40 points possible for the final assessment, and you will 
be graded by your peers, who are also completing this assignment.
Review criteria

The main grading criteria will be:

    Uploaded the URL of your GitHub repository including all the completed notebooks and Python files (1 pt)

    Uploaded your completed presentation in PDF format (1 pt)

    Completed the required Executive Summary slide (1 pt)

    Completed the required Introduction slide (1 pt)

    Completed the required data collection and data wrangling methodology related slides (1 pt)

    Completed the required EDA and interactive visual analytics methodology related slides (3 pts)

    Completed the required predictive analysis methodology related slides (1 pt)

    Completed the required EDA with visualization results slides (6 pts)

    Completed the required EDA with SQL results slides (10 pts)

    Completed the required interactive map with Folium results slides (3 pts)

    Completed the required Plotly Dash dashboard results slides (3 pts)

    Completed the required predictive analysis (classification) results slides (6 pts)

    Completed the required Conclusion slide (1 pts)

    Applied your creativity to improve the presentation beyond the template (1 pts)

    Displayed any innovative insights (1 pts)
    

You will not be judged on:

    Your English language, including spelling or grammatical mistakes

    The content of any text or image(s) or where a link is hyperlinked to
    
    
    
    
    

 
